docs: Add structure and reorg (#4)
mikemckiernan/garak: docs/source/usage.rst

..  headings: = - ^ "
Getting Started
===============

The general syntax is:

.. code-block:: console

   garak <options>

> You must specify at least the model to scan with the ``--model_name`` option.

Reviewer: While `-n` or `--model_name` are required by most `generators` not all require a model name.
```suggestion
You must specify at least the service to scan with the ``--model_type`` option.
```

Not this also should be corrected in the next section as the terms are inverted:
```
To specify a generator, use the ``--model_type`` and, optionally, the ``--model_name`` options.
Model type specifies a model family/interface; model name specifies the exact model to be used.
The "Intro to generators" section below describes some of the generators supported.
A straightfoward generator family is Hugging Face models; to load one of these, set ``--model_type`` to ``huggingface`` and ``--model_name`` to the model's name on Hub (e.g. "RWKV/rwkv-4-169m-pile").
```
